---
layout: post
title:  "Monday"
date:   2023-12-04 07:42:25 +0200
categories: blog
---
It's Monday again. Another weekend passes and it's once more Monday. It's a very familiar feeling. After all, I have been in school for around 11-12 years and this feeling has always been there. But this time it is a bit weirder because it comes along with a notion that next year everything will change. To be honest, it's quite a surreal feeling. I have been going to school 2/3 of my life and from a certain point it starts appearing like a never-ending loop - you go to school, you go home, do homework, play videogames, repeat until the weekend, have two nice days off, and repeat everything again. 

At some point I could no longer imagine myself going to university. I just thought that for the rest of my life I would be stuck in this loop. And I didn't think of it as a bad thing - I had loads of then in school from the 5-8 grade. Mostly because I didn't take it too seriously. But the 7th and 8th grade started cracking this perception. First, one of my friends with whom I spent the most time in school transferred to another school. For a couple weeks it was a bit weird not seeing him around, but the feeling quickly disappeared. The 8th grade brought more changes. Here in Lithuania, you usually transfer schools in 3 grades - from 4ht to 5th, from 8th to 9th and from 10th to 11th (only if you want to have IB). This again cracked my perception of an infinite loop, since the fact that I had to prepare for entrance exams (the school that I was going two was making changes that my parents and I didn't really agree with, plus, it was getting more expensive) was new to me. 

I ended up getting into one school and transferring there. I started taking school a lot seriously and I became a lot more fatigued. But it was still fun, just not as much.

Well and after three years in my new school, I am here. I am very fatigued. Probably couldn't do another school year. I am absolutely waiting for university, so I could finally study what I am interested in. However, I am also kind of scared of all the new stuff university brings with it. I am planning to study abroad, so living alone, with my parents hundreds of kilometres away, seems a bit strange. Also, I am not sure how I will adapt to the new environment. 

But after all, the more things seem change, the less they change. It could be, that when I start university, I will feel the same as now, just in a different place taking different subjects with different friends. But in essence, it could be the same.

I guess there is no point in guessing, since one way or the other (if things go right and I get in where I want to get in) I will find out myself. So, all that's left is to enjoy my last year in school and most likely my last year in the foreseeable future of living mostly in Lithuania.
